Promise, Hope Grace and Faith appear to be
very different, but there's one common thing
they share.
If you take a closer look, you'll
notice they all have curly hair!
My Hair Is So Happy is the only children's
book written and illustrated for EVERY little
curly girl.
Be sure to pick up your copy on
Amazon.com, BarnesandNoble.com and on Kindle.
There are very few treatments that I do on
my hair that I will absolutely rave about
and the apple cider vinegar rinse is definitely
one of them.
I fill a 22 once spray bottle with about 8
ounces of ACV and then water all the way to
the top.
I always do my ACV rinses on wet hair, so
I'm going to take down my hair and jump in
the shower and wet it...
So now I'm going to divide my hair into four
sections and then use the spray bottle to
soak down each section of my hair with apple
cider vinegar.
Ain't it just like stuff to not work the moment
you're trying to demonstrate it in a video?
So, my big spray bottle clearly did not work
so I transferred my ACV rinse to a smaller
spray bottle.
It doesn't matter if I'm washing my hair with
ACV, conditioner or shampoo, I always scrub
my scalp.
And after that I just thoroughly rinse my
hair and I'm telling y'all, I love it!
ACV rinses always leave my hair feeling so
super soft, clean but not stripped and it's
so freaking easy to detangle my hair after
an ACV rinse.
The best part about this treatment is
that the effects of it last up until the next
month when I do the treatment again.
Let me know down in the comment section what's
your preferred method of cleansing and clarifying
your hair.
Until next time y'all.
Peace.